mention both Dashboards and endpoint (#7638)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/sql/ppl/index.md

## Using PPL within OpenSearch

> You can run PPL queries interactively in OpenSearch Dashboards or programmatically using the ``_ppl`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run PPL queries interactively in OpenSearch Dashboards or programmatically using the `_ppl` endpoint.
```

> In OpenSearch Dashboards, the [Query Workbench tool](https://playground.opensearch.org/app/opensearch-query-workbench#/) provides an interactive testing environment, documented in [Query Workbench documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/query-workbench/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch Dashboards, the [Query Workbench tool](https://playground.opensearch.org/app/opensearch-query-workbench#/) provides an interactive testing environment. For more information, see the [Query Workbench documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/query-workbench/).
```
